Change project fields to match Scylla (#46)
scylladb/csharp-driver: doc/examples/README.md

# Examples

> Here's some ways to find examples on how to use the _ScyllaDB C# Driver for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's some ways to find examples on how to use the _ScyllaDB C# Driver for Scylla.
```
